Assignment 8 – Reflection
Benjamin Wakefield

Lessons Learned
What do you wish you had done differently in your design/implementation?
Did you learn any lessons from the code given to you, or the updates you had to make for your customers?

I wish I had used the Factory pattern to create both different types of views as well as different types of CellContents, as they are currently directly instantiated in my main
method. I also wish I had used a different mechanism for creating new rows and columns in the spreadsheet to allow for seamless scrolling, as my view
currently requires the user to navigate to the Edit menu to add new rows or columns. Furthermore, I wish I had used a different mechanism for my
implementation of JTable's CellEditor, as it currently creates a Pop-up window that takes user input and passes it into the selected cell. My provider was
able to accomplish the constantly shown editor text box above the spreadsheet using listeners and a controller, neither of which I utilized in my
design, and both of which I should've utilized.

My customers had many questions concerning my design, which leads me to believe that my documentation was not adequate. Additionally, my customers notified
me that I used an instanceof check in my EvaluatedCellRenderer class to verify that a Cell contained a String so that it could be formatted correctly for
the view. I updated this code to check the contents using a pattern instead of a concrete class check as to make it more adaptable.

Provider Experience
My experience was very pleasant with my providers. They provided me with their code the day after I requested it from them. Despite the files being incorrectly formatted at first,
I contacted my providers, showed them screenshots of the issue, and they sent me the correct files within an hour. Lastly, I sent them a question concerning
their Controller class and how it was used to display the editor view, and they responded to me immediately explaining how the class was used in their main
method to initialize the view.